Old man! What's the most you can break? Don't eat that
My family is quite curious,
My uncle said that he was a man back then,
What's so special about it and then say it's so beautiful?
But what a beautiful reporter, it’s rare to count words
I am a mess in the world,
What I decided is also like this, not like this
The most important thing is personal decency
If my daughter could marry such a person,
That's it, this is the world,
the happiest woman
Why am I listening and making fun of me?
Did you say this?
Actually, it’s not special.
But there are opinions
The man decided
Our little brother is determined to love
Huang Jun and I
he is with us
Decided, determined, determined, determined, determined, determined, determined
We are angry together, right?
Because you seem to be used to being together
Really too
I don’t know how to say it anyway.
We want to be with you. I agree, Lao Chao.
Don't be rude again
I know you
Dad, this is for your own good.
No better among you
good for you
I'll be here until I say it
And I have a long life, so let’s do it. Two, I’m white.
What good is your life?
Afichi Lianzheng's speech
Anyway, Tai Lao and I are reasonable
Then you take over the lessons yourself
You take charge of the class yourself
I also take over my brother’s classes by myself
Since you two acted like you were married
Just sell it and it will be fine
your car, your house
Eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no eat no
Eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, don’t eat, no, thank you